docs: TECH-355 adds instruction on the README file on how to run the capture app (#533)
dhis2/capture-app: README.md

# Capture app

> The Capture app allows you capture, modify and list tracked entity instances with its enrollments and events. The Tracker Capture app works with multiple event-based programs in DHIS2, which handles events linked to registered entities. These programs are suitable for handling disease programmes where multiple visits is required. The Capture app can be used for disease programmes such as tubercolosis and malaria. However the app is not tied to any specific domain and can potentially be utilized for any scenario of multiple event-based information.

Reviewer: The first part is not true as we don't have tracker functionality yet. Maybe you can get some inspiration from the dhis2 capture app docs?

Author: ah i copied it from the docs. probably wrong docs. :P

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install and how to install them.

#### Node 

You can download and install Node on your machine from [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).

#### Git 

You can find a tutorial on how to install `git` on your machine [here](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/install-git).

#### Yarn 

You can install `yarn` on your machine [here](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/).

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running.

#### 1. Clone the repository

Clone with SSH
```
git clone git@github.com:dhis2/capture-app.git
```

Clone with HTTPS 
```
git clone https://github.com/dhis2/capture-app.git
```

#### 2. Install project dependencies

To install the dependencies you will have to be at the source folder of the cloned repository. Then run:

```
yarn 
```

> #### 3. Set up the API base url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 3. Set environment variables for backend communication
```

> For the application to fetch data from the backend we need to set up a base url. Make sure in your `.env.development` file the following is included:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application needs to communicate with a DHIS2 backend instance. The `.env.development` file contains default configuration, but you can override it by supplying a `.env.development.local` file in the root folder of the project.
```

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install and how to install them.

#### Node 

You can download and install Node on your machine from [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).

#### Git 

You can find a tutorial on how to install `git` on your machine [here](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/install-git).

#### Yarn 

You can install `yarn` on your machine [here](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/).

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running.

#### 1. Clone the repository

Clone with SSH
```
git clone git@github.com:dhis2/capture-app.git
```

Clone with HTTPS 
```
git clone https://github.com/dhis2/capture-app.git
```

#### 2. Install project dependencies

To install the dependencies you will have to be at the source folder of the cloned repository. Then run:

```
yarn 
```

#### 3. Set environment variables for backend communication

The application needs to communicate with a DHIS2 backend instance. The `.env.development` file contains default configuration, but you can override it by supplying a `.env.development.local` file in the root folder of the project.

```

> REACT_APP_DHIS2_BASE_URL="https://debug.dhis2.org/2.34dev/"

Reviewer: And also maybe do something with these, remove them or make a complete example with all of the enviroment variables. I think it's fine removing them

Author: I'd prefer to make a complete example of a file so that someone completely new can run the app. 

What you think?

Reviewer: Ok, that's fine.
